补充 v3.4 新增功能说明 (#1925)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/project/index.md

![macro](./index/macro.png)

- **ENABLE_TILEDMAP_CULLING**: whether or not to enable TiledMap auto-culling. It's enabled by default. Note that if `skew` and `rotation` are set in the TiledMap, it's necessary to turn it off manually, otherwise it will cause rendering errors.

- **TOUCH_TIMEOUT**: the duration of the delay used to screen a contact object to see if it has failed and can be removed. This value can be modified to get the desired effect, the default value is 5000 ms. Please refer to the API [TOUCH_TIMEOUT](__APIDOC__/en/#/docs/3.4/en/core/ObjectLiteral/macro?id=touch_timeout) for details.

- **ENABLE_TRANSPARENT_CANVAS**: used to set whether the Canvas background supports alpha channels.

    - If enabled, the Canvas background will be transparent and show the other DOM elements behind it.
    - If disabled, it will result in higher performance.

- **ENABLE_WEBGL_ANTIALIAS**: whether to activate WebGL antialias setting in the engine, it's enabled by default. This setting only affect WebGL graphics back-end, it indicates whether to turn on the anti-aliasing option when creating WebGL Context.

- **ENABLE_ANTIALIAS_FXAA**: used to enable FXAA anti-aliasing.

> - **ENABLE_BLOOM**: used to enable the BLOOM aftereffect.

Author: ```suggestion
- **ENABLE_BLOOM**: used to enable the BLOOM post-processing.
```
